1. Gamemasters reserve the right to add or edit rules and will give notice on when they are implemented
2. Gamemasters are not responsible to any affects to academic preformance. It is up to the players to maintain academic and athletic preformance.  
3. No leniancy will be given on the rules. Breaking any rule below will result in the following consqeuences:
    a. 1st offense will lose opprotunity for extra lives (See below)
    b. 2nd offense will result in disqualification of the event
4. The following areas are off limits and will result in punishment following rule 2:
    a. Any WCS owned property (Don't even bring your gun to school.)
    b. Indy related events (IGC parties, club meetings, Indy sports events)
    c. Cemetaries
    d. Buildings / establishments "NO FULL AUTO IN THE BUILDING"
    e. Churches
    f. Your target's workplace while they are on the clock (Ex. Cannot target people who work at Chick-fil-a at Chick-fil-a when they are in their work uniform)
    g. Areas you are not invited/allowed in (No Trespassing.)
        i. Tell your parents/legal guardian you are in this game so they do not call the cops on others playing the game.
5. You cannot eliminate your target if you are both in the same moving vehicle
6. You cannot block someone's car from being able to move to get an elinmination
7. Legal Nerf Guns and Rounds:
    a. Any stock nerf gun from the Nerf Rival or N-Strike series.
    b. Preformance enhancing modifications such as a stronger spring or faster flywheel are prohibited.
    c. Cosmetic modifications or form modifications are legal.
8. Reasons for immediate disqualifiaction:
    a. Law Enforcement involvement (Trespassing, Destruction of Property, Caught Speeding, etc.)
    b. Use of Tracking devices
    c. Fabricated trophy kill photos (Lying about elinminations)
9. Use of any tracking devices will not be allowed and will result in disqualification.
10. Elimination Rules:
    a. Teams must eliminated 50% of their target teams to count as a total team elimnation.
    b. Must take a "trophy kill" photo to legitimize an elimination.
    c. Revives may be purchased for $5.00 however they must be purchasd by an alive team member and must be purchased in the same week as the elimination.
        i. A revive for an elimination in week 1 must be purchased before the end of week 1 by a team member who is not eliminated at time of purchase.
        ii. Revives do not count towards 50% eliminations (ie. Teams can elinminate 50% of their target team and both teams have the chance to go into next round with full teams)
        iii. If a revive is not purchased before the start of the next round, that team member is "permanently" out and the team will go in with less people.
        iv. Each player will get 2 revives to use throughout the duration of the game. 
11. Spring Break
    a. Spring Break will be a free for all (hunt who you want, no assigned targets). Eliminations will count during this time. 
    b. Retribution Squads released
    c. Elinminations of Retribution Squad members will not require trophy kills
12. Stand off
    a. Once two players are remaining, eliminations will be closed (No more eliminations).  A date will be set for a 10 pace duel at Sara Benson Park Theatre at noon (Duel at High Noon)
    b. Any eliminations after the third remaining player is confirmed (leaving 2 players) will be considered void.
    c. For the final two players, bring your own legal nerf gun, moving is legal as long as you stay on the theatre.  
    d. Should there be more than two players remaining by 4/20/23, all remaining players will meet to work out who will remain.
    e. More information will be released once eliminations have been closed. 
